Feature/doc changes (#37)
retest/docs: docs/recheck-web/tutorial/setup-recheck.ignore.md

attribute=transform
```

> Note that Google is constantly changing its site, so you might need to add some more attributes. You can find them in the resulted differences of the output, located at the beginning of every secondary line, where the expected vs actual differences are. In our [example output](https://docs.retest.de/recheck-web/tutorial/mvn-execute-locally/) it shows the attribute `ping`. As you can see, this is not difficult, and even wild-card ignore of attributes (using the [Java Pattern mechanism](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html)) is possible. The default `recheck.ignore` file contains examples on how to e.g. ignore whole sub-trees of the DOM or certain attributes of specific elements. More information can also be found in the [recheck documentation](https://retest.github.io/docs/recheck/how-ignore-works-in-recheck/). This mechanism is very powerful and e.g. allows you to ignore the font of a text, but not the text itself. The semantic ignore mechanism is one of the core features of recheck, and we will explore it in more depth later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Google is constantly changing its site, so you might need to add some more attributes. You can find these attributes in the resulting differences of the output, located at the beginning of every line, where the expected vs. actual values are. In our [example output](https://docs.retest.de/recheck-web/tutorial/mvn-execute-locally/) it shows the attribute `ping`. As you can see, this is not difficult, and even wild-card ignore of attributes (using the [Java Pattern mechanism](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html)) is possible. The default `recheck.ignore` file contains examples on how to e.g. ignore whole sub-trees of the DOM or certain attributes of specific elements. More information can also be found in the [recheck documentation](https://retest.github.io/docs/recheck/how-ignore-works-in-recheck/). This mechanism is very powerful and e.g. allows you to ignore the font of a text, but not the text itself. The semantic ignore mechanism is one of the core features of recheck, and we will explore it in more depth later.
```
